refactor: es6 modules & testable workshop (#52)
KILTprotocol/docs: docs/sdk/1-workshop/6-verification.md

---

import CodeBlock from '@theme/CodeBlock';
import Verify from '!!raw-loader!../../../code-examples/workshop/verify.js';
import CreatePresentation from '!!raw-loader!../../../code-examples/workshop/claimer/createPresentation.js';

In this section, you'll play the role of a <span class="label-role verifier">Verifier</span>:

- You'll take an `Presentation` object given to you by a <span class="label-role claimer">Claimer</span>;
- You'll verify that its data is correct;
- You'll verify that the attestation is valid, i.e. its hash exists on-chain and the attestation has not been revoked.
- You'll verify that the `Credential` is owned by the <span class="label-role claimer">Claimer</span> sending it

:::info Credential

A `Credential` object is also called an Attested Claim: It is what <span class="label-role claimer">claimers</span> need to create `Presentations`.

:::

:::info Presentation

> A `Presentation` object is created by the <span class="label-role claimer">claimer</span> using a credential.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A credential is used to create the `Presentation` object by the <span class="label-role claimer">claimer</span>.
```

> A `Presentation` object is created by the <span class="label-role claimer">claimers</span> using a credential.

Reviewer: This doesn't makes sense. The claimer creates a credential from what?

Author: The presentation is derived from the credential. The user already has the credential?

Reviewer: The concept is fine, but I mean the way it reads.
